And forwarding, obviously, involved 2 things, one is you intercept? Then you send. So we're going to follow that pattern, intercept and send, we're going to follow that pattern, correct? Even for this, right? Yes. Okay. Okay So intercept is the problem we are trying to solve because beyond that, we know how to. Okay, yeah, yeah. There are some issues here, but we can talk about it. But yeah, yeah. So there, you can intercept, use it, system. But the problem with this is too boxy. As soon as you put this is too processing, anything in your system... Everything will go there. You understand this, then we start... We can say, hey, only forward it to the start.cloud. Microsoft. We can say that in system level. We cannot do that in Etsy host because it's yours's full resolution, right? DC host is not possible. Okay, right, right. Not possible. But in system process, I think we do that, but there's another challenge there. If we say startups along with Microsoft, then it's not just Asian, but your browser, other process. Everyone. Everybody who wants to go there will hit. The second over here is, what do you call Europe? network level interception. This is separate, right? That was system level, now network level. Yeah Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah, yeah. Which is where you can have your local, local routing, egress, egress tables and stuff like that, right? Yeah, if this IPUC is and... But this also comes from the problem. This doesn't have the context of agent. Everyone wants to go to certain. It will still be applying to everybody. Then comes your process. Okay, interesting. So this is a few types here. Is it a based on process name or process ID or how does it work? It could be different Correct. This is one of them, yeah. Which, for this, is not applicable. For this use case, it's not applicable. Okay. Okay, so, I don't think... Lord says you can put it in settings on Jason. Okay Then we have... process specific.. Okay. Mm, mm. So, in globe, it also varies by platform a little bit, right? Like some of these things, yeah. The basic idea is... So, what supports these two? Okay. This is what we are doing. This is what? We are doing today. Right, right, right. Right, right. I remote. Yeah, okay, okay. Because we have this, we know like this. Okay. So then that part is gone. This is what we can do. Another is, we, like, that's the worst, worst case. No, what would apply to this case? We're coming there, right? Yeah. I'm just giving you the option. Okay, understood. Right, right. Okay. Hmm. So, what you can do using this, as soon as a TCP connection offers. Okay? You can actually figure out what is the process name for the TCP connection. Okay, okay. Once you know the process name, you know which binary it is, but you know which agent is it? discovered. and you can read out into for local dogs. Read out our local property. A redirect it. Redirected. reroute or redire. Rerroute. Okay. You can say all TCP from here will go too. Yeah, you just look at the TCP connection sink, right? So you'll get, this is what you call the car driver view. So very lightweight. And available on both Mac and Windows, both for sure. Is this that thing they call where you insert code and control it? I try to remember the name of the technology. This is a Windows filtering platform on the Windows side. This thing, window specific? I'm just kidding. For windows, there is something called windows waiting platform using that that can be supported. Okay. Mac, this is a network forwarding something that... Okay. But same concept. Same concept. Okay? The implement is varies a little bit. Okay, okay. So, this is our possibly our solution, right? To capture. is a very generic solution. Yeah, yeah. If the 3rd one, we can get the per process environment. If we can. There's our best solution where we don't have to go macam. Okay, but yeah, so everything will come. Okay, good. So let's explore either 3 new, new, new, three. lets call it AND, A is now we are not doing. We're doing B. Let's think of it A and B, 3A3B. So either if we can do 3B, great, let's go with that. Right? If somehow that's not available, 4 is our, we can definitely do it there. That's what you're saying. correct? Okay, good. that a good thought. Now, once it comes there to our proxy, let's say traffic is the proxy, right? Then, This is this is my question to you. This is some, that I'm not clear about. Suppose we say anything, only, there are certain URLs, if it is SGDP and there is a certain URL, then we know it's LLM. Only that we will forward into Optimus. Everything else, we will just process directly. Is that something we want or something? We just want to push everything forward. I mean, still, the problem with everything forward is that whatever we send, we have to send a triple JWT. have to take care of it. Huh? It doesn't matter. I know... that this traffic came from cold, and I can forward the traffic to... You don't need to filter that out. Every time I want to winter is when I know that this is not cold, by mistake, I go destruction. Okay. Isn't that effect our costs? Like we're sending so much traffic and then scalability issues because most of the traffic is not important. They're not paying us to manage that part of the traffic, right? Don't worry, we'll come out with the solution to charge them. Okay. That's a different angle, but yeah, okay, okay. So let's not worry about money. That's your 1st response. I worry about generating revenue, then I worry about optimizing the effects. Okay. So we will not worry about filtering at all, right, at this moment. Okay. So, coming back to this, yes, we will have that triple J ability. We will, let's say I have the triple JWT. I have to add that as a header somewhere. So whenever I'm So, there is a HDDP request response and then we say upgrade, right? And so, and there are these frames. These frames are ultimately traveling on STTP. That what you're saying. Okay now I got it. If that traveling HTTP, every time I just keep sending a triple JWT with every STP call. Yeah, we already signed the paper WW, okay, you look great to WSS. That's once only, I said, over there. Once you said, after that, we know that this stream is going to carry WSS. So it is connected to that. Yeah, and we have the ability and optimist to handle that. Yes. Okay, this simplifies it. I was concerned about, Is this something optimist we're going to do new work and then things like that, right? Okay. Okay, but we basically are supporting that. And if there's a bug, we'll fix it. That's our position. Okay, that takes away a lot of my concern, actually, because I thought you are going to say, no way, I'm not going to change anything on optimal. That's what I was expecting. But you were saying we already have it. So it's a different response from what I was expecting. All right, let me proceed with this ideas, right? We can make a prototype, we can have a look at it. I'm making a similar document for uh, GitHub, uh, Copilot app also. And I will share that. We'll see we'll continue from that. But let's, since we have discussed this already, let's imply, I think this prototype we can make quickly, because we are agreeing on something. There is a way to set these environmental worry about. Correct. Correct. Okay, got it. Got it. On Good, I'm learning things here. Nice. Anything else you want to cover? Yeah. I'm feeling happy about this meeting. Like, I was, like, not clear. It felt like a very complicated thing, but it looks much simpler than what I had thought. Well, AI is as smart as the contacts you provide. Mm hmm. That's a very profound statement, actually, and I agree 100%. It was giving me ideas based on how much I was telling it, you know? It didn't say, hey, how about this? How about that? You know, like it wasn't, it was good at... It was good at being a assistant. It's not always good at being a leader, you know?  Okay, what else? That's it. I covered everything. So, let's work on this. Shall I stop sharing? Could be, yeah, you can. Colonel, look would be... Actually, it feels more so generic, right? You can fit anything into it, it seems. Yeah. Maybe I should go, let me 1st check. I mean, I like that, right? Because it's so generic, yeah? I know. And believe me, this would be... ideal solution to have, but it do require some, like, some time investment. Sometime investments, some buying from the PM service. Oh, they will be involved in this decision because it's more engaging the laptop more. So they have to decide if the customers will cooperate or not cooperate. That's a good point, actually. yeah. But this is an execution. I mean, think about it, right? We have groups like GMS, they are, they're putting agents. I mean, they are putting their own agents on the laptop, right? And they are operating at such a low level. So why wouldn't they why can't we sell that, right? That's who. I mean, there are other people who are quite invasive in our company, right? So this has the filtering one in windows. This technology has been more or less lost standard. Most of the companies, for example, even Microsoft, and the Polo Alto, right? They started using this one. The only challenge we have, right? Ideally, we should have GCC doing all this what you want to do. Or not there, then endpoint here. Yeah, protecting should be doing all this that we want. But this has fallen into our lap. Because no one has time. No one has time to do it, but then that's where all the collaboration will help, right? Like we, we build a solution, we say, okay, here's a solution, you guys can now absorb it or something. I was in EBPF, you know? Initially, I couldn't remember the technology. Do we, would EBPF play a role somewhere in this? Especially in the number four? Is that EBPF based? No, APP is different technology. Mm hmm. And this is little different. Okay. So you be a little bit more newfangled, right? This is maybe more established, actually. Yeah. EBPF is also picking up, by the way, but the challenge with EPPF is, it's not adopted on Mac and Windows. I don't I can see the baby. Yeah, it may be based on Linux, but not on Mac and Window that. It is there been some form, actually, I fitted with it all. Somewhere, but, Maybe there are some, it's really good on the server side, which is the next side. Like, this has a pee not, right? Try to explore this. That's our P zero. Yeah, P0, they can figure this out or life is better. You cannot, right? Over here, what we need to do is 1st place, we need to decide a minimum. Take interest. Minimal, that's number four. Okay. What can I put there? It will give me a signal that PCP connection. Okay, yeah, well. Okay. Mm hmm. Hmm. Okay, okay. But we have to go all the way to HTTP, right? Because a protocol is at the HTTP level. Yeah, yeah. And once you get this event, right? Three processor responsive. Okay. There is, Windows does provide, you can pass the socket number, and it can give you the process. Okay, okay. That shouldn't be hard, yeah, yeah. Somehow it feels like it would do something I can expect. Yeah. Okay. So, from process. Okay, the... Why don't you have the process society, it's a lot easier. Mm, mm, mm. Once you have that. Okay. You basically using some, let's say, IPC or something, like, IPC or, and let's say, local boxing box. We can open that. Okay? Well, this is your color component. You need to send it over. Can you stand a decent production? Oh, this one. Right? Okay. And the ones is sending, then you rout. Very good. Okay. Okay. So, my every platform has a different way of routing this. I mean, Mac and Windows. Yeah, on windows, you can actually I wonder, change it?. Well, I mean, yeah. is actually on windows, once you get the socket open, that this process is trying to open this okay? Right? You can actually send the IP back that they allow instructor to be open, but open is okay to decide. Right, so step number five became very simple. So you return the local host or IB backpack. So the IPL post. Sorry, I did not understand that. If I have a socket open event, So when you open a socket, you are passing the destination IPL port. Correct, correct. It's a specific Yeah, IP import it. It's not the domain name or anything. IPM code. Yeah, yeah. So let's say you are putting in your book before socket open. Okay, you can put the hook there, okay? Okay. You got an event, hey, this process is trying to actually something. Okay. They say, okay, we gathered everything. We figured out that this is an agent that we support. Okay, okay. If this is not an agent that we support, we just return it. No, continue. Yeah, continue. We have no involvement yet. But let's say this is a agent that we saw. If that is the case, then what we do is we return the local post, hype, and old, on which the agent is listening. Always the agent is? Our local listener is listening. So this is where I lost you. Are you talking about the proxy here? Yeah. Our STP proxy that we typically, the LLM proxy, basically, that's why. So, Oh, I see. So it says I want to connect to IP address something, right? Whatever the Microsoft address is, we actually connect it to our thing, right? We substitute, we replace it, right? We replace that. So it goes here thinking it's gone there. right? And then we replace, we terminate it, we capture, we read, and then we open a new one forward. Right? That what you're saying. correct? Okay, but don't devils into that. Third is our best direction. Short term, fast option. That one is we need to talk to the BM. That's why you're, even though it's more general, that's the reason why you are saying let's not jump into it. That's what you're saying. Okay, got it. I'll update you about number 3B and we go from there. 
